Support reading of other NLU formats than Rasa (#3866)
RasaHQ/rasa: CHANGELOG.rst

-----
- all temporal model files are now deleted after stopping the Rasa server
- ``rasa shell nlu`` now outputs unicode characters instead of ``\uxxxx`` codes

> - ``rasa train nlu`` now can train different nlu file formats

Reviewer: It's not just `rasa train nlu` but rather `rasa train`, so I'd rather go for: 
```suggestion
- ``rasa train`` now also includes NLU files in other formats than the Rasa format
```
